Which actor you like most in movie skyfall?
Who are you? 
How many movies have you ever watched?
It is nice to talk with you today!
How is your childhood?
Where are you born?
If you are in the movie, who you are willing to act?
When is your first time to watch the movie that movie?
Do you know the director of the movie xxx?
You want actor X or actor Y to be your girlfriend?
How are you?
Do you know any jokes?
What do you do for fun?
Did you see the Oscars last night?
What's your favorite movie?
What kind of movies do you like?
Where are you from?
What did you think of Jennifer Lawrence's dress?
Are you religious?
Do you have any plans this weekend?
So, what's up?
Matthew McConaughey won an oscar this year, have you seen his other movies?
Did you like the Godfather?
Hasta la vista baby
What's your favourite movie quote?
What's your favourite character?
Schwarzenegger or Stalone?
Who would win in a fight, Jackie Chan or Jean Claude van Damme?
Did you like Schwarzenegger as governor of California?
Do you know how many cars Jay Lano has? Which one do you like more?
Did Piers Morgan ever interview Jordan Belfort?
How long did Jordan Belfort spend in jail?
Who is the inspiration of Leonardo Dicaprio's character in Wolf of Wall Street?
Did Leonardo Dicaprio won the Oscar award?
How long is the movie Wolf of Wall Street?
What is the IMDB rating of Wolf of Wall Street?
Who won the Best Actor Oscar award in ?
Which movie is the Best Picture in the th Academy Awards?
Who is the director of  Years a Slave?
What did President Obama do with the Crimea crisis?
What was the last fiction you have acted in?
Don’t you think your role is too insignificant in your upcoming movie?
Aren’t you ashamed of your role from your latest movie?
Why do you even think that you stand any chance at oscars?
Are you looking for alternative occupations?
Don’t you think a puppet acts better than you?
Why do you always mumble your lines?
According to you which actors are worse compared to you?
Tell me five films in which you have managed to utter your lines properly
How many hate clubs do you have?
What did you think of the oscars?
Tell me a knock knock joke!
Do you think Matthew McConaughey deserved the oscar?
Do you only know stuff about the oscars? Can I ask you questions on random topics?
Have you watched  years a slave?
Can you show emotion when you watch an emotional movie?
Whats your opinion on Leonardo DiCaprio missing out on the oscar?
Do you like your name?
Can you speak in different voices?
I'm bored. Tell me something interesting!
